bundletool, bundletool-validate: add page (#5263)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bundletool.md

# bundletool

> Command-line tool to manipulate Android Application Bundles.
> More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/bundletool>.

- Display help for a subcommand:

`bundletool help {{subcommand}}`

> - Generate an APKs from an application bundle (prompts for keystore password):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate an APK set archive (`.apks`) from an application bundle (prompts for keystore password):
```

> - Generate an APKs from an application bundle (prompts for keystore password):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate APKs from an application bundle (prompts for keystore password):
```

`bundletool build-apks --bundle={{path/to/bundle.aab}} --ks={{path/to/key.keystore}} --ks-key-alias={{key_alias}} --output={{path/to/file.apks}}`

> - Generate an APKs from an application bundle giving the keystore password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate an APK set archive from an application bundle giving the keystore password:
```

> - Generate an APKs from an application bundle giving the keystore password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate APKs from an application bundle giving the keystore password:
```

`bundletool build-apks --bundle={{path/to/bundle.aab}} --ks={{path/to/key.keystore}} --ks-key-alias={{key_alias}} –ks-pass={{pass:the_password}} --output={{path/to/file.apks}}`

> - Generate APKs file including only one single APK for universal usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate APKs including only one single APK for universal usage:
```

> - Generate an APKs file including only one single APK for universal usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate an APK set archive file including only one single APK for universal usage:
```

> - Generate an APKs file including only one single APK for universal usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate APKs file including only one single APK for universal usage:
```

`bundletool build-apks --bundle={{path/to/bundle.aab}} --mode={{universal}} --ks={{path/to/key.keystore}} --ks-key-alias={{key_alias}} --output={{path/to/file.apks}}`

> - Install the right combination of APKs to an emulator or device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the default APK set archive to an emulator or device:
```

Reviewer: Yes I wasn't sure about this one.

Author: The `.apks` has a lot of small `.apk` files inside, the Google's page says: `right combination of APKs`. That´s why `--mode-universal` is cool, because the `.apks` file only has 1 `.apk` file inside.

Reviewer: Oh so in this case `APKs` is plural for `APK`?

Reviewer: I replaces `APKs` with `APK set archive` because I thought that was what you meant, but did you mean plural of `APK`? :smile:

Author: oh! no, `APKs` is a specific `zip` with one or more `.apk` files inside.

Author: I reverted the suggestions then lol

Author: ```suggestion
- Build an APK for the given emulator or device and install it:
```

`bundletool install-apks --apks={{path/to/file.apks}}`

> - Estimate download size of the application:

Reviewer: One last thing... :)
```suggestion
- Estimate the download size of the application:
```

> - Estimate the download size of the application:

Reviewer: Ooops! 😛  This **_IS_** the last thing!!! 😄 
```suggestion
- Estimate the download size of an application:
```

> - Estimate download size of the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Estimate download size of an application:
```
